JVM Components,
Java Compiler 
Basic OOPS
Polymorphism 
Functional interfaces and it uses
Predefined functional interfaces.
Hashcode vs equals method  ------- contract between hashCode() and equals()
Why static variables 

Prepared statement vs Callable Statement 

Comparable vs Comparator with examples


Scenario based questions on Comparator and comparable 
Additionally basic questions like advantages of microservices 
What is eureka server 
Monolithic vs microservices

Constructors
Constructor Chaining
Method overloading and  method overriding 
Collection -set
Array sorting- coding (without API)
Comparable/ Comparator
JpaRepository

Write one interface? 
Can we do method overloading and constructor overloading in interface? 

What is collection what are interfaces in collection? 
Can you write code using stream
If u have to find employee where City=pune using stream
Diff between Stringbuffer stringbuilder? 
Java 8 features
What is spring
 Spring features
What are spring objects?

What is abstract and interface and its importance?
What is polymorphism and how it can be achieved in program?
Write two types of polymorphism?
Stream 8 questions find even,odd ,positive and negative 
Array questions
Diff between array and arraylist
What is hashset and hashmap
What is Functional Interface
And whats difference between simple interface and functional interface
Which class same work as NullPointerException?
In exception which keyword propogate exception

What are the access modifiers
Difference between public and protected 
Difference between protected and default
What are interfaces
What is meant by abstract class
Is method overloading possible in interface 
Is constructor overloading possible in interfaces
Difference between abstract class and interface
What is method overloading  and method overriding
Features  of java 8
What are lambda function 
Why we use lambda functions
Is it possible to pass parameters in lambda functions
Write the syntax of lambda functions 
What is meant by functional interface 
Do you have any idea about in built  functional interface
Tell me more about comparable and comparator 
What are the java keywords used in exception 
Difference between throw and throws
Is it possible to write try without catch and try without finally 
What are the collections in java
Difference between arraylist and linkedlist

